Pupil, as a project, is made to develop a platform for sharing technical information between laymen, students, experts, and academics in numerous fields.
This folder and this file is meant to negotiate the business realities regarding Pupil.

There are three main communication channels to Pupil that are part of its vision:
1. A video sharing platform. This is Pupil's primary mission - to provide users with a free-to-use platform that would be able to complement their textbooks.
2. A forum. This is also free to use, and is meant to faciliate dialogue regarding academic professionals or bridge gaps in understanding between laymen, students, and experts.
    2.a. In the same respect, the forum feature could instead be a collaboration with a different company if their alternative is significantly more developed for this purpose.
    2.b. StackOverflow isn't what I had in mind though - the reason is they're really restrictive with the question and answer format and fail to provide for other academic and technical needs.
    2.c. Non-free-to-use platforms also don't qualify.
3. A way to share interactive materials that can help students understand academic materials. This content is also the most likely to be put behind a paywall.

To help better refine the results people get, a tagging and grading system would be in place.
1. User/Admin-generated tags. User tags would be marked under a different color than admin-generated tags.
2. User-generated grades, in a similar system to Newgrounds' 5 star system of rating content.
3. Admin-generated grades.
4. Additionally, user-generated ratings of comments could be used for responses.
5. Finally an age rating would be made so that traumatizing/suggestive content could be put onto the site but not visible to anyone who is studying more abstract concepts. This is mainly to set up future revenue streams.

We will not be marketing Pupil as a means for corporations to do things like Nintendo Direct or host advertisement videos.

Finally, countermeasures to keep order:
1. Spambot filters.
2. Reporting system for copyrighted content being put on the site.
3. Paywall system to cordon off copyrighted content, rather than deleting the relevant items outright, and the price being defined by the copyright holder.
4. Harsh policies against people abusing the copyright system - any legal fees incurred by Pupil because of a copyright dispute would be fined to the loser of said dispute.
5. Fund reserve system when a copyright dispute is in effect.

Pupil, ideally, should be a non-profit, cooperative endeavor.
As a cooperative, Pupil's controlled by three groups:
1. The administration of the site. This kind of structure isn't a new idea, and it is useful for protecting the labor rights of those administering the site.
2. The content producers. Those who generate a lot of traffic on the site would be able to have some say over the decision-making process.
3. The consumers. Individuals who pay for subscriptions to Pupil get the privilege of being able to vote on decisions regarding the video-sharing site.

The accurement of advertisement revenue is acceptable in non-academic videos, but it would likely be unreliable since it would be competing with Google. We learned this lesson from Newgrounds.
Our primary means of generating revenue is likely going to come from patrons and subscribers until we get a product suite that can be pitched to other businesses.

-------------------------------------------------

So, this all leaves one very important question:
Why is there a need for Pupil to exist?

The answer to that question is simply because YouTube removed dislikes from videos, and has made a clear step towards hiding dislike information in order to appease major corporations.
This is not exactly in the interest of or wellbeing for academic development, and people trying to learn new programs and stuff wouldn't be able to judge how useful a video is for their purposes without a dislike counter.

Plus, the lack of a dislike counter encourages scams.

So, having a site dedicated towards sharing actionable information is something that our team decided to work on.
Ridiculous anti-vaccination and climate denialist claims have destroyed our society enough.

